Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: pyDatalog
Version: 0.11
Summary: A pure-python implementation of a subset of prolog, using SLG algorithm with memoization
Home-page: https://bitbucket.org/pcarbonn/pydatalog/wiki/Home
Author: Pierre Carbonnelle
Author-email: pierre.carbonnelle@gmail.com
License: UNKNOWN
Download-URL: http://pypi.python.org/pypi?name=pyDatalog&:action=display
Description: pyDatalog embeds logic programming in python.  Assert facts and insert logic clauses directly in your python code,
        and use the inference engine to resolve complex, recursive queries fast.
        
        Datalog is a subset of prolog that is best
        at managing large sets of related information (e.g. in data integration or the semantic web).
        at simulating intelligent behavior (e.g. in games),
        at performing recursive algorithms (e.g. in network protocol, code and graph analysis)
        or at solving discrete constraint problems.
        
        In particular, pyDatalog can be used for object-relational mapping:
        it can perform multi-database queries (from memory datastore,  relational databases, and noSQL database with appropriate connectors)
        it is more expressive than SQL, with a cleaner syntax;
        it facilitates re-use of SQL code snippet (e.g. for frequent joins or formula);
        it offloads the database server by performing joins on the application tier.
        
        Datalog excels at accelerated development : Datalog programs are often shorter than their python equivalent,
        and Datalog statements can be specified in any order, as simply as formula in a spreadsheet.
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: Programming Language :: Prolog
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Environment :: Other Environment
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Education
Classifier: Topic :: Database
Classifier: Topic :: Database :: Database Engines/Servers
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: GNU Library or Lesser General Public License (LGPL)
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Artificial Intelligence
