Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: npyscreen
Version: 2.0pre64
Summary: Writing user interfaces without all that ugly mucking about in hyperspace
Home-page: http://www.npcole.com/npyscreen/
Author: Nicholas Cole
Author-email: n@npcole.com
License: New BSD License
Description: This library provides a framework for developing console applications using Python and curses.
        
        This framework should be powerful enough to create everything from quick, simple programs to complex, multi-screen applications. It is designed to make doing the simple tasks very quick and to take much of the pain out of writing larger applications.
        
        There is a very wide variety of default widgets - everything from simple text fields to more complex tree and grid views.
        
        I have used versions of this library for private scripts and small applications for around ten years. As a result, it is fairly mature.	
        
        Please report bugs or make feature requests using the bug-tracker at http://code.google.com/p/npyscreen.
        
        There is a mailing list available at https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/npyscreen/
        
        
        *Latest Changes*:
        Version 2.0pre64 extends multi-page support and includes revision to the
        documentation.
        
        Version 2.0pre63 adds initial support for multi-page forms.  See documentation on the 
        FormMultiPage class for details.
        
        Version 2.0pre57 fixes color support - it should now be possible to display
        a terminal with a different color background. Text widgets have some
        additional color options.
        
        Version 2.0pre52 fixes compatibility with python2.6, 3.0 and 3.1.  All other versions should be unaffected.
        
        Version 2.0pre50 enables basic mouse support.  Note that the Apple terminal does not handle mouse events correctly.
        
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 5 - Production/Stable
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.6
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7
Classifier: Environment :: Console
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX
Classifier: Environment :: Console :: Curses
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: BSD License
Classifier: Topic :: Terminals
