Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: datahaven
Version: rev6854
Summary: Distributed encrypted backup utility
Home-page: http://datahaven.net
Author: Veselin Penev
Author-email: penev.veselin@gmail.com
License: Copyright DataHaven.NET LTD. of Anguilla, 2006-2012,
All rights reserved.
Download-URL: http://datahaven.net
Description: DataHaven.NET is a peer-to-peer online backup utility.
                
        Imagine that you need the most reliable to keep the contents of a folder on
        your hard drive and be sure that only you have access to this data.
        
        We propose to divide the data into blocks, compress, encrypt and store them on
        the computers of other users.
        
        The system is designed in such a way that will 
        keep track of each user which stores your information, and each block of your
        data and maintain a state in which you can always get your data back.
        
        Simple? Just tell DataHaven.Net what you want to back up, tell it  how often to
        back up the data, and you are done!
        
        Safe? Yes. The redundancy in backups makes it so if someone loses your data,
        you can reconstruct what was lost and give it to someone else  to hold.
        And all of this happens without you having to do a thing.
        
        So is this secure? Absolutely!
        
        All data is encrypted before it leaves your
        computer with a key your computer generates. No one else can read your data.
        Your data is broken into pieces and given to the deposit of other users in
        encrypted form. We use public key encryption.
        
        The private key is stored on your computer and NEVER leave it!!!
          
        Only the private key can decrypt your data.
        Recover data is only one way - download the necessary pieces from computers of
        other users and decrypt them with your private key.
        
        FREE? If you only want to receive and giving nothing in return - 
        it is not for you.
        
        You can imagine it like this: you exchange two gigabytes in a safe place
        (on your hard drive) to one gigabyte, but kept very reliable.
        
        If you are going to store data that you are not constantly in use,
        but you need that they would be most protected - this is what you need!
         
        This is very similar to the well-known torrents... but on the contrary! :-)
        
        
Keywords: datahaven,data haven,data transfer,data protect,backup,safe backup,backup utility,backup data,backup software,backup online,distributed backup,peer to peer backup,storage,free storage,online storage,distributed storage,data storage,p2p,peer-to-peer,peer to peer,restore,restore data,distributed restore,restore online,safe restore,private key,encrypted data,data blocks,data recover,remote backup,remote storage,online backup software,donated space,donated,hdd space,python,twisted
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 3 - Alpha
Classifier: Environment :: Console
Classifier: Environment :: Web Environment
Classifier: Framework :: Twisted
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Customer Service
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: End Users/Desktop
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Information Technology
Classifier: Intended Audience :: System Administrators
Classifier: License :: Other/Proprietary License
Classifier: Natural Language :: English
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows :: Windows 7
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows :: Windows Vista
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows :: Windows XP
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX :: Linux
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.5
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.6
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7
Classifier: Topic :: Security
Classifier: Topic :: Security :: Cryptography
Classifier: Topic :: System :: Archiving :: Backup
Classifier: Topic :: System :: Distributed Computing
Classifier: Topic :: Utilities
