Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: modgrammar
Version: 0.9
Summary: Modular grammar-parsing engine
Home-page: http://code.google.com/p/modgrammar
Author: Alex Stewart
Author-email: alex@foogod.com
License: BSD
Download-URL: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/modgrammar
Description: Modgrammar is a general-purpose library for constructing language parsers and
        interpreters using context-free grammar definitions in Python.  Language
        parsing rules (grammars) can be defined using standard Python syntax, and then
        used to parse and validate input strings or files into meaningful data
        structures.  Possible applications range from simple input validation, to
        complex expression evaluation, to full-fledged programming language parsing for
        compilers or interpreters. 
        
        Some features include:
        
        * Pure-Python cross-platform design.
        * Grammar definitions are created using standard Python syntax.
        * Supports arbitrarily complex grammars, including recursion.
        * Defining a grammar automatically creates a working parser in the process (no
          compilation steps or lengthy startup times).
        * Parse results contain full parse-tree information, including heirarchical
          tokenization of the input.
        * Parse result objects can be given custom methods and behaviors as part of the
          grammar definition, producing rich data objects.
        * Modular grammar design supports distributing grammars as python library
          modules, combining grammars from multiple sources into larger grammars, and
          even parameterized grammar definitions.
Platform: any
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: BSD License
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.1
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.2
Classifier: Topic :: Text Processing
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules
