Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: pyDatalog
Version: 0.12.0
Summary: A pure-python implementation of a truly declarative subset of prolog.  Run logic queries on databases or python objects, and use logic clauses to define python classes.
Home-page: https://bitbucket.org/pcarbonn/pydatalog/wiki/Home
Author: Pierre Carbonnelle
Author-email: pierre.carbonnelle@gmail.com
License: UNKNOWN
Download-URL: http://pypi.python.org/pypi?name=pyDatalog&:action=display
Description: pyDatalog adds the logic programming paradigm to Python's toolbox, in a pythonic way.  
        You can now run logic queries on databases or Python objects, and use logic clauses to define python classes.
        
        Datalog is a truly declarative subset of prolog that is best at
        
        * managing large sets of related information (e.g. in data integration or the semantic web).  
        * simulating intelligent behavior (e.g. in games), 
        * performing recursive algorithms (e.g. in network protocol, code and graph analysis)
        * solving discrete constraint problems. 
        
        In particular, pyDatalog can be used as a query language: 
        
        * it can perform multi-database queries (from memory datastore, 11 relational databases, and noSQL database with appropriate connectors)
        * it is more expressive than SQL, with a cleaner syntax; 
        * it facilitates re-use of SQL code snippet (e.g. for frequent joins or formula); 
        * it offloads the database server by performing joins on the application tier. 
        
        Datalog excels at accelerated development : Datalog programs are often shorter than their Python equivalent, 
        and Datalog statements can be specified in any order, as simply as formula in a spreadsheet.
Keywords: prolog,logic programming,datalog,object-relational mapping,data integration
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: Programming Language :: Prolog
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Environment :: Other Environment
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Education
Classifier: Topic :: Database
Classifier: Topic :: Database :: Database Engines/Servers
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: GNU Library or Lesser General Public License (LGPL)
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Artificial Intelligence
